Updating conviso docs (#289)
convisoappsec/conviso-docs: docs/cli/ast.md

The identified vulnerabilities will be automatically associated with the Asset in Conviso Platform. Now you can use the [Vulnerabilities Management](../general/vulnerabilities_management.md) resource to work on the correction flow.

### Naming an asset

> You can enter a custom name for the asset on the Conviso Platform, by default conviso ast uses the repository name as the asset name, you may want a custom name, this is possible as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Conviso AST tool, you have the flexibility to assign custom names to your assets on the Conviso Platform. By default, Conviso AST utilizes the repository name as the asset name. However, you may prefer to use a custom name for better organization or clarity.

To set a custom name for your asset, run the command like the following:
```

```bash
conviso ast run --asset-name 'your custom asset name'
```

This will work for any type of scan, ast, sast and sca, for example:

```bash
conviso sca run --asset-name 'your custom asset name'
```

and

```bash
conviso sast run --asset-name 'your custom asset name'
```

### Auto closing vulnerabilities

> We have an experimental function that is the automatic closure of vulnerabilities in the conviso platform, This functionality is still in the testing stages and if you want to try it and give us some feedback you can use it as follows:

Reviewer 2: existe uma virgula seguida de letra maisucula. 

Segue uma sugestão:

We've developed an experimental feature for automatically closing vulnerabilities in the Conviso Platform. This functionality is currently in the testing phase. If you're interested in trying it out and providing feedback, here's how you can use it:

```bash
conviso ast run --vulnerability-auto-close
```

This will work on sca and sast too:

```bash
conviso sca run --vulnerability-auto-close'
```

and

```bash
conviso sast run --vulnerability-auto-close'

> ```

Author: opa, erro meu kkkk

The identified vulnerabilities will be automatically associated with the Asset in Conviso Platform. Now you can use the [Vulnerabilities Management](../general/vulnerabilities_management.md) resource to work on the correction flow.

### Naming an asset

> When using the Conviso AST tool, you have the flexibility to assign custom names to your assets on the Conviso Platform. By default, Conviso AST utilizes the repository name as the asset name. However, you may prefer to use a custom name for better organization or clarity.

Reviewer 3: Altera por: _When using Conviso AST, ..._
Não é uma tool.
